The funny thing about imposter syndrome: it only impacts those who ARE talented and accomplished. Narcissists don't suffer from it. Neither do the unqualified or those who lack self-awareness. @TantumVero
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing. - Alan J. Perlis
Always implement things when you actually need them, never when you just foresee that you need them. - Ron Jeffries
Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. - Eagleson's law
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. - Martin Fowler
A primary cause of complexity is that software vendors uncritically adopt almost any feature that users want. - Niklaus Wirth
Be curious. Read widely. Try new things. I think a lot of what people call intelligence boils down to curiosity. - Aaron Swartz
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it’s bad. – Cory House
Consumer electronics are just plastic boxes with an abandoned Linux distribution inside. - SwiftOnSecurity
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. - Brian Kernighan
Debugging is like being the detective in a crime movie where you are also the murderer. - Filipe Fortes
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are. - Epictetus
Do not believe that it is very much of an advance to do the unnecessary three times as fast. -Peter Drucker
Education needs to be free because it’s expensive to have idiots around.
Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it. - Patrick McKenzie
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, it's going in the syllabus.
Fortune favors the prepared mind. - Louis Pasteur.
Give someone a program, you frustrate them for a day; teach them how to program, you frustrate them for a lifetime. - David Leinweber
If someone is better than you at something, then it’s likely because they have failed at it more than you have. - Mark Manson
If we grow the language in these few ways [that allow extensibility], then we will not need to grow it in a hundred other ways; the users can take on the rest of the task. - Guy Steele
If you build it, they will complain. – Dan Kaminski
If you’re stuck on a problem, don’t sit there and think about it; just start working on it. Even if you don’t know what you’re doing, the simple act of working on it will eventually cause the right ideas to show up in your head. - Mark Manson
If you want to know who controls you, look at who you are not allowed to criticize. - Voltaire.
If you wish to be a writer, write. - Epictetus
I had the pleasure of conducting an oral history of John Backus for @ComputerHistory He told me that he came to realize why his work on functional programming failed: FP makes it easy to do certain hard things, but it makes it difficult to do many easy things. -Grady Booch.
I’m not shy. I’m just very good at figuring out who’s worth talking to. - Bill Murray
Inside every large program is a small program trying to get out. - Tony Hoare
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is. - Jan L. A. van de Snepscheut
I still like Java, though my ardor has cooled a bit as the platform has grown. - Joshua Bloch
It is easier to port a shell than a shell script. - Larry Wall
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. - Epictetus
Just because people tell you it can't be done, that doesn't necessarily mean that it can't be done. It just means that they can't do it. - Anders Hejlsberg
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly. - Epictetus
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity. - Louis Pasteur
Life has no remote. Get up and change it yourself. - Bill Murray
Meaningless word of the day: synergy.
More fiction is written in Excel than Word. - Troy Vosseller
Much of the essence of building a program is in fact the debugging of the specification. - Fred Brooks
Never confuse education with intelligence. - Bill Murray
No great thing is created suddenly. - Epictetus
No matter how slow you are writing clean code, you will always be slower if you make a mess. - Uncle Bob Martin
Non-word of the day: irregardless.
No one in the brief history of computing has ever written a piece of perfect software. It's unlikely that you'll be the first. - Andy Hunt
Object-oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea which could only have originated in California. - Edsger Dijkstra
One of the best programming skills you can have is knowing when to walk away for a while. - Oscar Godson
One person's data is another person's program. - Guy L. Steele, Jr.
People have an enormous tendency to resist change. They love to say, We've always done it this way. I try to fight that. - Grace Hopper
Programming isn’t about what you know; it’s about what you can figure out. - Chris Pine
Programming languages, like pizza, come in only two sizes: too big and too small. - Richard Pattis
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. — Harold Abelson
School doesn’t prepare you for the real world, it prepares you for more school.
Telling a programmer there's already a library to do X is like telling a songwriter there's already a song about love. - Pete Cordell
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding. - Burt Rutan
The best programs are the ones written when the programmer is supposed to be working on something else. - Melinda Varian
The best way to get the right answer ... is not to ask a question; it’s to post the wrong answer. - Cunningham’s Law
The cleaner and nicer the program, the faster it's going to run. And if it doesn't it'll be easy to make it fast. - Joshua Bloch
The dangerous man is the one who has only one idea, because then he'll fight and die for it. - Francis Crick.
The difference between a framework and a library is you can test code that uses a library. - Michael Feathers
The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things. - Epictetus
The first 18 years of your life is not representative of how the rest will go. The sooner you realize this, the better off you’ll be.
The first step of any project is to grossly underestimate its complexity and difficulty. - Nicoll Hunt
The funny thing about imposter syndrome: it only impacts those who ARE talented and accomplished. Narcissists don't suffer from it. Neither do the unqualified or those who lack self-awareness. @TantumVero
The idea that people knew a thing or two in the '70s is strange to a lot of young programmers. - Donald Knuth
The most secure code in the world is code which is never written. - Colin Percival
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise - Edsger Dijkstra
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third works. - Alan J. Perlis
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There's one technique that you must use if you want people to listen to you: listen to them. - The Pragmatic Programmer Andrew Hunt & David Thomas
The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take. - Roy Carlson
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country. Kurt Vonnegut
Two branches diverged from master, and I — I merged the one less committed to, And that has broken all the builds.
Weeks of coding can save you hours of planning. - Unknown
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
We suffer for the simple reason that suffering is biologically useful. It is nature’s preferred agent for inspiring change. - Mark Manson
What one programmer can do in one month, two programmers can do in two months. - Fred Brooks
What we need is a state lottery system where all the profits are used to educate citizens on statistics and probability. - Mikko
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code. - Richard Pattis
Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file. - Louis Srygley
Word of the day: hubris
Word of the day: schadenfreude.
You should never be ashamed to admit you have been wrong. It only proves you are wiser today than yesterday. - Jonathan Swift
